If you were asked to think of two men
in the first century
who were zealous disciple-makers,
who would come to your mind?
You may be thinking of Paul and Barnabas.
Together, they traveled extensively,
preaching the good news
and helping many
to learn the wonderful truth
about Jehovah.
This work brought joy
not only to them but others too.
Acts 15:3 states:
“So after being escorted
“partway by the congregation,
“these men continued on
“through both Phoenicia and Samaria,
“relating in detail the conversion
“of people of the nations
and bringing great joy to all the brothers.”
Their shared experiences
were a great source of joy
to the brotherhood.
They all felt encouraged
and united as one spiritual family.
So, too, today, we have many
like Paul and Barnabas,
who are actively working
to find honesthearted ones.
Let’s quickly review the numbers
and see what
our spiritual family’s united efforts
have accomplished
during the 2019 service year.
The good news was preached in 240 lands.
The average number of publishers
each month reached over 8.4 million!
More than two billion hours
were spent in the field.
Also, you’ll be pleased to know
that the number baptized
surpassed 300,000
for the first time in 20 years!
That’s, on average, 5,843 people
symbolizing their dedication
to Jehovah every weekend.
And there’s great potential
for millions more to embrace the truth.
On average, 9.6 million Bible studies
were conducted each month,
and almost 21 million attended the Memorial.
We praise Jehovah for this growth
and thank you for your share
in this great increase.
The Governing Body received
some beautiful experiences
and reports this past service year,
and they wanted to share
that joy with all of you now.
Would you like to hear
some of these reports
and meet some
of our hardworking brothers and sisters?
Well, then, let’s go!
We’ll meet publishers
from six regions of the earth
and hear in their own words the effect
that the disciple-making work
has on them.
Here’s a quick peek.
We’ll see some
of their unique challenges.
When it rains,
there is so much mud everywhere
that we need to remove our shoes
and hold them in our hands.
We’ll meet ones
who made personal sacrifices.
When I turned 60 and retired,
my wife and I decided
to serve where the need is greater.
This brother can see,
but he cannot walk,
and me, I can walk but cannot see.
We’ll see the impact
the truth can have on new ones.
It made me happy.
Yet, can I really dare believe that?
I was actually sort of in shock,
and it really put a spotlight
on who I really was.
What bad habits did some have at first?
What pressures did they face?
And how did they overcome them?
One day she asked her to choose
between family and Jehovah.
Hopefully that whets your appetite
for what’s to come.
Now, as we take you around the world,
enjoy the stories
of your brothers and sisters
and watch for clues
to what contributed to their joy.
Let’s begin with Africa.
It stretches from the Mediterranean
past the golden Sahara
through mountains and savannas
to the Cape of Good Hope.
This continent is known
for the enormous diversity
and richness of its wildlife.
Africa’s population,
about 1.3 billion people,
is growing faster
than any other part of the world.
More than 1,500 languages
are spoken here.
The first Christian from Africa,
the Ethiopian eunuch
mentioned in Acts chapter 8,
likely brought the good news back with him
to Ethiopia when he returned home.
Today, over 1.7 million publishers
are making disciples
throughout this vast continent.
Let’s visit our brothers and sisters
in Africa’s most populous country:
Nigeria.
More than 360,000 publishers
are sharing the good news
with Nigeria’s over 200 million people.
The territory is highly diverse
—more than 500 languages
and 250 ethnic groups.
It’s so encouraging to see
the response to the good news!
Some 870,000 Bible studies
are being conducted and, on average,
273 are baptized each week.
This is the Utonkon Congregation
in Benue state.
Here, 51 publishers
and 4 regular pioneers
are having good results
despite a challenging territory.
Preaching in the Utonkon territory
is enjoyable.
It is just that it is accompanied
by some problems.
One is that the territories
are very far apart,
and two, the roads are not good.
It takes us three hours
to get to some territories.
When it rains,
there is so much mud everywhere
that we need to remove our shoes
and hold them in our hands.
Whether householders
are church-goers, Muslims,
or traditional healers, they listen.
Many even accept our invitation
to attend the meetings
despite the travel challenges.
So it makes us very happy to see
that in spite of far territories
and bad roads,
we see good results.
I am enjoying my life now,
but when I lost my sight,
I thought it was all over.
As a carpenter,
I wondered how I would be able
to do my carpentry.
The thought of it worried me so much.
But as I began to learn about Jehovah
from the Bible,
I came to realize that there was hope.
That negative thinking
(that my life was over)
disappeared from my mind.
So I am very happy now.
I am joyful.
There is a brother named Joseph.
This brother can see, but he cannot walk,
and me, I can walk but cannot see.
I hold his wheelchair
and push while he directs it.
This has helped us to meet
many of our Bible students.
Before now, we were few
that went out in the field as pioneers,
but now we are many.
This shows that the example
has helped other people,
because when they see someone
who cannot walk
and someone who cannot see are pioneering,
they conclude that they can pioneer too.
This is the experience
of one of my relatives.
His name is Cletus.
He was very kind to me.
He would hold my hand and assist me
to the meetings at the Kingdom Hall.
When he got to the Kingdom Hall,
he would leave for his church.
But as he noticed how I preached
and attended meetings,
the joy I radiated,
the way we treated other people,
and our knowledge of the Scriptures,
he was impressed
and began asking many questions.
The answers he got were quite different
from what he had learned,
what they told him in church.
They continued telling him
to “get out of there”
and that he should not talk to me again.
He studied the Bible,
concluded his study, and got baptized.
Now he serves as a ministerial servant.
Sometimes they used to assign talks to both
of us to handle as a symposium,
and this made me see Cletus
as a spiritual brother
in the organization and the congregation.
This gives me joy and makes me very happy.
When people notice our activities,
they usually praise Jehovah and encourage us
to do more since they know
that the work we do
is not by our power,
but it is Jehovah who empowers us.
It is true that I am blind,
but I can see Jehovah.
I am helping other people
see Jehovah’s hand in our lives.
Even people who are disabled
can bring praise to Jehovah.
I have nothing to do other than to be joyful
and praise Jehovah for my life.
We share your joy, Brother Igbo!
Doesn’t it touch our hearts
to see Gabriel and Joseph
helping each other in the pioneer work?
Their example
encourages others to ask,
‘What prevents me from pioneering?’
Perhaps we’re moved
to ask that question too.
And did you notice
what spurred Cletus to action?
He observed the conduct of Gabriel
and other Witnesses
in the congregation.
What do we learn?
That our Christian conduct
often speaks louder
than even the most eloquent words.
Now we go to the largest continent
in the world: Asia.
Asia is home to three fifths
of the world’s people,
including some 760,000 Jehovah’s Witnesses.
The geography of Asia ranges
from tundra
to coral reefs
—from Earth’s tallest peak, Mt. Everest,
to its lowest land surface, the Dead Sea.
Asia’s cultural diversity
is greater than any other continent.
The two most populated countries
in the world
—China and India—
are here in Asia.
Let’s visit our brothers in India.
With a growing population
of about 1.3 billion people,
India is on track to become
the world’s most populous country
within a decade.
Imagine the potential for growth in India!
With 90 percent of the population
having not yet received a witness,
our 50,000 brothers and sisters
have plenty of work to do.
The good news is being preached
in territory that includes
mountain ranges, plains and plateaus,
villages, and some
of the world’s largest cities.
Hyderabad is in south-central India.
This is the Hyderabad
RTC Cross Roads Congregation
in the heart of the city.
Here, 94 publishers,
including 17 regular pioneers,
are conducting 95 Bible studies.
They were delighted
to have 252 attend last year’s Memorial.
Let’s meet Sangram.
His story actually begins
in another part of India,
where he learned the truth
with the help of Alex and Anne Das.
My wife and I serve
in the Pandharpur Sign-Language Group.
Currently, there are only three publishers
—me, my wife,
and another brother who is deaf.
We have contact
with around 100 deaf ones in our territory.
Each week, 50 to 60 deaf ones
attend the meetings.
When they come,
they bring their deaf friends with them.
They also bring their relatives.
We are so happy to see them
come regularly for the meetings
in spite of the opposition
from their families
—sometimes even severe opposition.
They are progressing well spiritually.
We are really happy
to see their spiritual advancement.
When I turned 60 and retired,
my wife and I decided to serve
where the need is greater.
To our surprise, we were asked
to support the sign-language field.
At that time,
we did not have any experience
in sign language.
Then our circuit overseer asked us
if we were ready to move
to where the need is greater.
He asked if we would move to Latur,
a city that was 521 miles
(838 km) from our home.
Once we reached the city,
we were overjoyed to see
the interest of the deaf ones.
So we decided to stay there.
Not long after we arrived there,
we met a priest whose name is Sangram.
He was the leader of a deaf association,
and he was short-tempered.
Since we wanted to meet him often,
we invited him to our home
to discuss the daily text.
He came regularly at seven o’clock
for daily text discussions.
When we moved here,
we did not know how to sign very well;
both my wife and I knew almost nothing.
But after we met Sangram
and started to teach him the Bible,
we, in turn,
started to learn sign language from him.
We were very happy.
We were really very happy.
As soon as we started studying
the Bible with Sangram,
he made changes in his life
in line with the Bible principles.
He changed his hairstyle.
He left the deaf association
of which he was the leader.
And even his personality changed.
He stopped responding angrily
to those who provoked him.
We are so happy
about the Bible discussions we had with him,
because with these
his life changed completely.
Soon he broke almost all of his bad habits.
However,
he was still unable to stop
his habit of chewing tobacco.
Now, since we loved him,
we took him to a dentist
and had his teeth cleaned.
After that visit to the dentist,
he completely stopped using tobacco.
Within six months
from starting the Bible study,
Sangram became a qualified publisher,
and after that,
he continued to progress well.
Latur now has a sign-language congregation.
My wife and I
then moved to another group.
We are now serving in Pandharpur.
When we meet
our old studies at the conventions
and see their progress, we are overjoyed.
The very thought that Jehovah has extended
to us this privilege to serve him
makes us overwhelmed with happiness.
There are no words to express how we feel.
When Sangram
showed us his big smile,
did a smile come to your face too?
That’s how the truth affects us.
And don’t we appreciate
the sacrifices that Alex and Anne made
in order to serve
where the need was greater?
They had to learn sign language
and move far away from their home.
But how did it turn out?
Alex says they are
“overwhelmed with happiness.”
Imagine that.
They were certainly rewarded
for their sacrificing spirit.
We now move west to Europe.
Europe gave birth
to the Greek and Roman Empires,
the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance.
With 160 culturally distinct groups,
Europe is immensely varied
and densely populated.
Almost 1.6 million Jehovah’s Witnesses
are actively making disciples
on this continent.
In southeastern Europe,
you’ll find Romania
—a country of nearly 20 million people.
Today, over 39,000 publishers
are conducting
almost 22,000 Bible studies.
Eight out of ten people belong
to the Romanian Orthodox Church.
The ratio of publishers
to the population varies greatly,
from 1 to 4,000 in the southeast
to 1 to 7 in Transylvania
in the northwest.
Last year, special preaching campaigns
were organized to reach those
in unassigned territories.
As a result, 85 percent
of these territories
have been given a witness.
Here are the 112 publishers
and 4 regular pioneers
of the Jibou Centru Congregation.
They serve a territory
that includes a small city, rural areas,
and large communities
of Hungarians and Roma.
Let’s see what it’s like
to make disciples there.
One of the challenges we face in our town
is that we have a small territory
compared to the number of brothers
—a ratio of 1 publisher
to about 40 inhabitants.
So we put great emphasis
on preaching in the villages around Jibou.
Jehovah blessed our efforts,
and we have more Bible studies
who make good progress.
When I was still in elementary school,
not yet baptized myself,
I used to speak about Jehovah
to one of my classmates.
Her name was Oana.
She was very interested
and even asked many questions.
We were both 12 at that time.
A little while later, after I got baptized,
Oana became my first Bible student.
I was able to show her how
to prepare well for the study.
In the evening,
we used to read the Bible together,
and we even wrote down
in a notebook our favorite Bible texts.
At the same time,
by means of different study projects,
I tried to help her
see Jehovah as a real Person.
For example, we wrote down
on a big sheet of paper
all of Jehovah’s qualities
and the way we could imitate them.
Oana made good progress,
attended the meetings,
and even started to participate.
I was so happy to see
how much joy Oana had
in learning about the truth.
Not surprisingly,
difficulties arose on the way.
Oana’s mother was not happy at all
that I was studying with her daughter.
She forbade her to study,
and one day she asked her
to choose between family and Jehovah
and put her out of the house.
Oana was 16 years old.
I encouraged Oana with the scripture
from Isaiah 41:10, 13,
which says that Jehovah
is ‘grasping our hand’
and that he will ‘help us.’
We talked a lot together,
and we prayed together.
And after only one week,
Jehovah answered our prayers.
Oana’s mother calmed down
and not only allowed her to return home
but also to attend meetings
and to continue studying together.
I was so happy!
On the 21st of July, 2018,
Oana got baptized.
Now I can finally preach
together with my spiritual sister.
Jehovah always gave me the joy I needed.
In fact, I can’t find
the words to describe
the joy I experience now.
Did you notice where and when
Beatrice started talking
to Oana about Jehovah?
In elementary school.
What a wonderful reminder
that you young ones can experience joy
by making school your personal territory!
If you haven’t tried it already,
look for someone with whom
you can share the good news.
You may be surprised at the results.
Let’s go next to North America.
Now, this continent extends
from the tiny islands near the Arctic
to the Isthmus of Panama in the south.
North America is home to almost
2.6 million Jehovah’s Witnesses.
The United States is by far
the most populous country in North America,
with over 325 million people.
Here you can find metropolitan cities
as well as vast areas
that are sparsely populated.
This territory is cared for
by more than 1.2 million publishers
and over 180,000 pioneers.
Meet the brothers and sisters
of the Juniata River
Pennsylvania German Congregation
in Mifflintown, Pennsylvania.
As we’ll see in the following report,
their unique territory is rich with people
who sincerely respect God’s Word.
The challenge is
our territory being so vast.
Sometimes you may drive
an hour and a half to two hours
just to get to the territory.
One of my favorite joys
is getting to use
the Bible constantly in this field.
They respect the Bible.
They all have one in their house.
Starting this language
almost three years ago, from a pregroup
to now a congregation with four groups
in the area, you can see the growth
and the excitement of everyone.
Honestly, I can say it’s been
the happiest time in my life
since I started working in this field.
Out in service one day,
just working from door to door,
I met a lady, and she
accepted the Greatest Man  book.
Eventually,
Memorial season came around.
I went and left an invitation with Jane.
We went back
the day before the Memorial
and were surprised when Jane said,
“Yes, we’d love to come.”
So we talked about a Bible study,
and eventually Jerry agreed
to having one as a family.
But there was a contrast
from what I’d been taught,
so I was willing
to dig for more knowledge
to try and figure out
what was going on here.
He read a scripture in Psalms
about the earth, and I said:
“Wow! Yes, all the things
I pictured myself doing in heaven
are the things I enjoy on earth.”
It made me happy.
Yet, can I really dare believe that?
The more I studied about the Bible
and looked up the scriptures,
the more I realized I never really knew
a whole lot about the Bible.
I was actually sort of in shock,
and it really put a spotlight
on who I really was.
At one point, Ben and I
went over to make a return visit.
We had planned
what we wanted to do with the family,
and it just did not lend to that at all,
and we ended up playing cards instead.
We didn’t get to share anything
from the Bible.
The family was like, ‘Oh.’
It dawned on them;
we’re real people too.
In the Pennsylvania German culture,
people teach pretty strongly
obedience to parents
to make God happy.
One day, Jerry let me know
that his dad wanted to talk to me.
Although my dad meant well,
he tried to stop the study.
But the information that he was
bringing to me about the Witnesses
was not what I saw.
What we were being taught
was directly from my Bible
that I had in my house.
How could it be wrong?
You could tell that they were just distraught
as a family with what was going on.
They wanted to do the right thing,
but they could feel all the pressure to stop.
We eventually had to cut ties
in order to continue spiritual growth.
After that, Jerry and Jane
just progressed very fast.
They were making changes in their life,
and they got to really see the freedom
that serving Jehovah gives you.
Seeing their joy grow
was irreplaceable; it was fantastic.
We have gained a hundredfold
of what we could have ever lost.
And so as we share good news
with individuals
and as they make progress,
we are very excited and happy.
I would just love for everyone to have
that opportunity to have that same joy.
What happened when Jerry and Jane
read for themselves
the truths contained in the Bible?
It deeply affected
their thoughts and emotions
and revealed
who they really were on the inside.
As a result, they now
joyfully serve Jehovah
along with their children.
Ben and Joanna used the Bible skillfully.
They let God’s Word speak for itself.
And the joy this experience
brought them is,
as Ben said,
“irreplaceable; . . . fantastic.”
That kind of joy is contagious.
We feel it too just watching them.
Next we go to Oceania.
This is the collective name for Australia
and for the more than 10,000 islands
in the Pacific Ocean
between Asia and the Americas.
Some of Oceania’s islands,
are known as “high islands”
because they were developed
as volcanic eruptions
built up land over time.
“Low islands,”
such as the country of Kiribati,
are made of coral and sometimes
barely reach above sea level.
Over 100,000 Jehovah’s Witnesses
are hard at work
in this beautiful territory.
Fiji is an archipelago
of some 300 islands
scattered over 3 million
square kilometers,
or about 1 million square miles.
This territory is cared for
by some 3,000 publishers
and over 500 pioneers.
In the last service year,
they conducted over 4,700 Bible studies.
These brothers and sisters
are in the South Suva
English Congregation.
Let’s see what unique challenges
our brothers face there.
Many, if not all, in our territory
know about God’s Word, the Bible.
However, they are taught false teachings.
The challenge arises
when customs and traditions
conflict with Bible teachings.
As they study and progress,
they face opposition from their family
and, of course, there’s the social pressure
that comes from their community.
Added to this are the materialistic goals
that are put before them.
So all of this combined really poses
a challenge with these ones progressing.
Despite these challenges,
some of them eventually do
study the Bible with us.
Some have become Jehovah’s friend
and made the truth their own.
So to be able to show these ones
from God’s Word,
the Bible, that Jehovah is a God of love
and to see their reaction
—that in itself is a wonderful blessing.
I used to study with this young girl.
She wanted to make progress in the truth.
But in order for her to do that,
she had to overcome these two big obstacles:
One was the career that she had,
and the other was the obstacle
of her unbelieving family.
I really didn’t want
to impose the truth on her,
so my goal was to help her
understand what the Bible teaches,
help her see the big picture,
and let her draw her own conclusion.
I try to be a good example to her by enjoying
the ministry myself, you know,
and helping her to understand
that as I’m out in the ministry,
I know I’m working along with Jehovah.
Although she had a high-paying job,
she wasn’t happy.
She was always stressed.
Then she sees Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Despite being out there in the ministry
on hot, sunny days or rainy days,
they’re happy.
She knew and was convinced
that she would be really happy
if she put Jehovah first in her life.
So eventually she had to tell
her mother-in-law
that she had resigned from her employment.
So her mother-in-law said:
“And now you’ve resigned?
“So, what are you going to do?
Are you going to go preaching?”
And then she said:
“The decision that I have made
is going to make me happy.
It’s going to make Jehovah happy as well.”
In seeing the big picture,
she was able to take a stand for true worship
and be on Jehovah’s side
of universal sovereignty.
I attended
the Pioneer Service School with her.
You know, what really made me happy
was seeing ones like her
being happy in doing the same work
of helping others come to serve Jehovah
and knowing the fact
that Jehovah had actually used me
in helping others
find the truth and serve Jehovah as well.
To some, Fiji may seem like paradise.
But, as we learned,
the people of that beautiful land
face the same issues
as people everywhere
—stress, pressure-filled jobs,
and an uncertain future.
As Makereta’s student learned,
putting Jehovah first
is the only guarantee
for true, lasting happiness.
Our final destination is South America.
South America is home
to earth’s largest river, the Amazon,
as well as the driest place,
the Atacama Desert.
Animal life on this continent
is rich and diverse,
particularly its bird population.
With some 3,000 species of birds,
South America is sometimes
called the bird continent.
More than 400 million people live here,
including over 1.7 million
Jehovah’s Witnesses.
There is tremendous
language diversity
in South America.
Let’s visit Bolivia,
a country of more than 11 million people
and a wide range of indigenous cultures.
Bolivia presents unique challenges
to our about 28,000 brothers
and sisters who live here.
Their territory includes
the towering Andes Mountains in the west
and rain forests in the north.
The publishers endure weather
that ranges from burning heat
and tropical humidity
to freezing winds.
To reach remote territories,
they may have to cross rivers
and drive for hours
on poorly maintained mountain roads
—sometimes just a few millimeters,
or inches, from the precipice!
How Jehovah is blessing
their courageous efforts!
In the last service year alone,
more than 42,000 Bible studies
were conducted.
Here are the 35 publishers
and 8 regular pioneers
of the Norte Quechua Congregation.
To reach and seek out those
who speak Quechua,
the publishers travel long distances.
Sadly, many
of the Quechua-speaking community
have been victims of prejudice
and do not receive basic education
in their language.
Our brothers and sisters spend hours
helping interested ones learn to read
so they can
comprehend basic Bible truths.
The response to the good news
in Bolivia is very positive.
But, as we’ll learn in the following report,
Bible students
frequently face opposition,
often from those closest to them.
When an interested person begins to learn
the truth from the Bible,
at first the family is happy for them,
and their friends are happy too.
But when the teachings of the Bible
are in opposition to popular customs,
those family members and friends
may become their main source of opposition.
However, we have also seen many,
many blessings from Jehovah.
For example,
although the challenges may be great,
we see Jehovah’s hand
working in the lives
of each of these individuals,
because they make huge  changes.
They take hold of Jehovah,
they see him as their God,
and they leave behind popular customs
and start to make progress.
It is a beautiful blessing
to see a Bible student
get baptized, filled with joy.
Lydia was a young woman
who was very interested in spiritual things.
But just like anyone
who does not study the Bible,
she had habits
that were not pleasing to Jehovah.
She liked to socialize with her workmates,
and at times,
she went out drinking with her friends
—sometimes drinking a little too much.
However, despite that,
she was very humble.
You could see that she was very sincere;
she appreciated good things.
After seeing
these beautiful qualities in her,
I said, “Jehovah can make
other good qualities grow in her heart.”
So we set the date to start the study.
We always tried to be consistent
and to not miss a study.
When a publisher does not miss
the day and time for the study,
the Devil is not given
the opportunity to disrupt it.
Some teachings Lydia accepted immediately,
but others took more time.
Her manner of dress was not appropriate;
she wore tight clothing
and very short skirts.
How did we correct that?
By showing her in the Bible
that women should dress
“with modesty and soundness of mind.”
It was not easy, but she did it.
After that, when she attended meetings,
she looked like one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
When you plant a literal plant,
you start to water it
and it keeps growing.
While you are sleeping,
you don’t know how those changes happen.
It happens exactly the same way
with a Bible student.
As time passed, Lydia expressed
the desire to be baptized.
After that, she just kept making progress
and started to serve as a regular pioneer.
Later,
she was invited to serve at Bethel.
She has been serving
at Bethel for 16 years.
I am one of the 70 persons
who learned the truth from Edith.
Her example helped me
to be considerate, to be insightful,
and also to be consistent
in making disciples.
Over the years,
I have learned so much
about disciple-making,
especially that this work is not ours.
When Bible students make progress,
it is thanks to the blessing of Jehovah,
because He sees their hearts.
So we’re not working for a man;
we’re working for the Most High God.
How encouraging to see
ones like Lydia learn the truth
and with God’s help
make the needed changes!
And what joy it continues to bring
to her teacher, Edith,
to see her serving Jehovah today!
As Edith says,
“When Bible students make progress,
“it is thanks to the blessing of Jehovah,
because He sees their hearts.”
Well, in our time together,
we’ve circled the earth
to bring you these experiences.
Did you notice any patterns
for joyful disciple-making?
Here are just four patterns
that stood out to me.
We saw that the first step
is to seek out all those
with the right heart condition.
Our brothers in Nigeria,
Fiji, and Bolivia
spread the good news
despite the great distances,
poor roads, and extreme weather.
Gabriel and Joseph teamed up
to overcome their disabilities,
and their example
inspires us to do more.
Alex and Anne Das
learned sign language
and moved more than 500 miles
to serve where the need was greater.
Then we saw a second vital element
in disciple-making: the “art of teaching.”
We know, for example,
that helping students
to reason on the Scriptures
is very effective.
That was the case with Makereta.
Using the Scriptures,
she helped her student
draw her own conclusions
about the truth.
Benjamin and Joanna
skillfully used the Bible
with Jerry and Jane.
The power of the Scriptures
touched their hearts.
And when opposition came,
they stood firm
because they were convinced
that they were learning the truth
from God’s inspired Word.
A third element of disciple-making
involves helping our students
to develop good study habits
and a regular spiritual routine.
Edith and Lydia
made it a goal never to miss a study.
Beatrice showed creativity,
developing projects
like that big sheet of paper to help Oana
know Jehovah as a real Person.
And fourth: In every experience,
we saw that disciple-making involves love
—showing genuine love.
Alex and Anne took Sangram
to the dentist because they love him.
What motivated Cletus
to study the Bible?
The joy radiated by Jehovah’s people
and the loving way we treat others.
Angeline gave up
her stressful job and put Jehovah first.
Why?
Because she
observed Jehovah’s Witnesses,
who out of self-sacrificing love
were motivated to preach the good news
on hot days and rainy days,
and she especially noted
the joy it brought them.
As you can see,
the joy of Jehovah
comes from sincere efforts
to help people
and Jehovah’s blessing on those efforts.
When you see and hear your brothers’
and sisters’ heartfelt expressions,
how does it make you feel?
Like Paul and Barnabas,
we too may have challenges
along the way, even some setbacks.
But nothing compares
with the deep joy and happiness
that results from helping others
come to know and love Jehovah.
There are still
honesthearted ones out there,
and they desperately need the truth.
It’s experiences like the ones
we’ve just listened to
that help us to see that Jehovah
is truly speeding up the work.
The next time you go out in service,
picture yourself working side by side
with your brothers and sisters
around the world.
Just as in a search and rescue effort,
we may feel we’re not finding
survivors in our area.
But just one report of a rescue victim
being pulled out alive
spurs on all the volunteers
to double their efforts.
Imagine the joy Jehovah feels
when he looks down and sees us
across the globe
working “shoulder to shoulder”
in the greatest rescue mission
of all time!
So keep calling out;
keep searching
through the rubble of this dying system
to find those crying out for help.
And may your joy abound as you do so.